README.md, before:

# AP Solution

We have a three-column list. The list items are ordered horizontally, in alphabetical order, like this:

<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Apple</td>
    <td>Banana</td> 
    <td>Cheese</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Didgeridoo</td>
    <td>Eggs</td> 
    <td>Fanta</td>
  </tr>
</table>     

What we would like to see is the list items ordered vertically, like this:       

<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Apple</td>
    <td>Cheese</td> 
    <td>Eggs</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Banana</td>
    <td>Didgeridoo</td> 
    <td>Fanta</td>
  </tr>
</table>

Try to solve the problem using CSS.    
Do not change the HTML.     
It needs to look reasonable in Edge, Firefox and Chrome, with a pragmatic fallback for older browsers.     
The solution needs to cope with a shorter list, maybe just two items.     
The solution needs to handle a smaller screen width.     
Also provide a solution which uses JavaScript to help solve the problem.     

### Screenshots

![Screenshot 1](https://github.com/alexpilugin/ap-responsive-list-with-columns/blob/main/screenshots/1-column.png "Screenshot 1")

![Screenshot 2](https://github.com/alexpilugin/ap-responsive-list-with-columns/blob/main/screenshots/2-columns.png "Screenshot 2")

![Screenshot 3](https://github.com/alexpilugin/ap-responsive-list-with-columns/blob/main/screenshots/3-columns-1.png "Screenshot 3")

![Screenshot 4](https://github.com/alexpilugin/ap-responsive-list-with-columns/blob/main/screenshots/3-columns-2.png "Screenshot 4")

Commit message:

README added links to jsFiddle

README.md, after:

# AP Solution

We have a three-column list. The list items are ordered horizontally, in alphabetical order, like this:

<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Apple</td>
    <td>Banana</td> 
    <td>Cheese</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Didgeridoo</td>
    <td>Eggs</td> 
    <td>Fanta</td>
  </tr>
</table>     

What we would like to see is the list items ordered vertically, like this:       

<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Apple</td>
    <td>Cheese</td> 
    <td>Eggs</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Banana</td>
    <td>Didgeridoo</td> 
    <td>Fanta</td>
  </tr>
</table>

Try to solve the problem using CSS.    
Do not change the HTML.     
It needs to look reasonable in Edge, Firefox and Chrome, with a pragmatic fallback for older browsers.     
The solution needs to cope with a shorter list, maybe just two items.     
The solution needs to handle a smaller screen width.     
Also provide a solution which uses JavaScript to help solve the problem.   

### Links to my jsFiddle

[CSS Grid](https://jsfiddle.net/AlexPilugin/jcstoemv/)

[JavaScript]https://jsfiddle.net/AlexPilugin/dermkw16/)

### Screenshots

![Screenshot 1](https://github.com/alexpilugin/ap-responsive-list-with-columns/blob/main/screenshots/1-column.png "Screenshot 1")

![Screenshot 2](https://github.com/alexpilugin/ap-responsive-list-with-columns/blob/main/screenshots/2-columns.png "Screenshot 2")

![Screenshot 3](https://github.com/alexpilugin/ap-responsive-list-with-columns/blob/main/screenshots/3-columns-1.png "Screenshot 3")

![Screenshot 4](https://github.com/alexpilugin/ap-responsive-list-with-columns/blob/main/screenshots/3-columns-2.png "Screenshot 4")
